feat: rescue-customer-windows change password dedicated page (#6454)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/changing-admin-password-on-windows/guide.en-gb.md

**This guide explains how to reset the password of the admin account of a Windows Server OS via the OVHcloud rescue mode.**

> [!warning]
>

> > This is not compatible with the `Rescue-Customer-Windows`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is not compatible with the `Windows customer rescue system` boot mode.  
```

> > Use this [page](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/rcw-changing-admin-password-on-windows/guide.en-gb.md) if you are using the `Rescue-Customer-Windows`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Follow [this guide](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/rcw-changing-admin-password-on-windows/guide.en-gb.md) if you are using `Rescue-Customer-Windows`.
```
